Linux Installation


Download the Linux version and distributor you want to install and the current version we are installing is CentOS Linux 7.8 from the browser.

The downloaded version needs to be flashed to the USB or hard disk. (we are flashing the downloaded file as we want to provide an interface manager to the windows laptop.)

Now to download Linux into the Windows Installed Drive we have to shrink the os drive and will automatically make partition of 100 GB (unoccupied) in the drive.

Insert the USB drive and now restart the computer and press F2 to enter the BIOS mode (Keys might differ in other PCs to enter the BIOS mode).

After entering the BIOS mode there will be 2 drive 1)Windows boot manager and 2)The drive which we inserted(UE-005).
switch the UE-005 drive to First. Press F10 to save and exit.

As the usb drive will run then we have to choose the disk which we created for installation of Linux unoccupied of the Windows OS 
set the date and time and select keyboard English(United States).

we have to create the password for root  :- root password

now we create our user for working named username:- password

All the operation for installation and modification should be done  by the root user otherwise work in  the centos user.

Now we are done with the centos minimal installation.
Which is CLI only.

Now to configure the Wi-Fi we need to type 
nmtui command.
Add a network ->set SSID password and we are good with the connection.

Now we have to download & install  the GNOME packages online 
By the command
yum groupinstall “GNOME Desktop”. Multiple options are available for the GUI.

Packages will be downloaded and will be installed accordingly.

Here the GNOME packages are installed and not will be available to use by default so we have to set it.

So. To set-up default type the command, system set-default graphical.target and to start the graphical interface type command startx

Now you are done with the  centos linux installation version 7.8 with the graphical interface.

To install python on linux we have to become the root user by typing command
sudo  and enter the password and then command yum install -y python3

Which will start downloading the python and start installing it.

To go to our username type su -username and type password for centos username.

type python will open the shell and to create a script in python type vi filename.py .

