					What Should the Legal Age to Receive a Driving Permit Be?


 	The News  of  Road Rash and the Many Fatal Accidents by teenage drivers is forcing the Government  to re-think the 
legal driving age and consider extending  it to an age following adulthood (20-21 years).”Changing the driving age would be beneficial
for teenagers,their parents and environment because it would increase the use of eco-friendly vehicles like bikes, and keep their parents 
a bit relaxed”.

	It would be for the good of the teenagers as they are a bit careless regarding the rules. They are sometimes not  even aware of the 
rules they may be  violating as they drive. Also, their parents are concerned for their safety.The teenagers are energetic, always looking for 
a race. This competitive tendency is dangerous, as they are not only  risking their lives, but  also of the person/persons with whom it might occur.
One may claim that  a person who  is aware of the rules and follows it is then . On the other hand, if an accident occurs, the person’s parents would
be responsible because the person is still dependent.


	Teenagers should use environment friendly vehicles such as bicycles or public transportation. Parents would not be much worried 
for their children of road rash and accidents, as the chances for such events would be much reduced.The children are not any more dependent on 
their parents to take them  to their destination.They feel free to go anywhere with their bikes. Moreover, using the bikes for transport is a 
healthier and safer option as it would be an exercise as well.


	Their parents will be relaxed for their children for safety and even if  the  accident occurs, the cost would be less compared to the 
motor vehicles. However, if  they can earn on their own and need not to be dependent on their parents for money, it makes more sense. For longer
distance transportation they can use public transports like bus, train, or metro. Which is safe compared to the road rash and accidents on the road.


	To culminate the arguments, on the legal age of driving permit we should keep in mind  for the  safety, health, and the responsibility
of the teens.With more use of bikes, teens would remain safe and healthy. It will also help in making them independent and responsible for 
their actions if any accident occurs, which is far better for  teenagers than driving motor vehicles at the age of 16-18. This can help 
the environment and  a safety for the children of  our nation.